the maria lenk and the dome saints we already have there the swimmers that arrived for tests
of morning sciences
if they were swimming actions the 4x100 free relay final
the Brazilian team will be in line number 37
and we have the composition of the Brazilian team
is a composition in the lapa at 70
the Brazilian team and that is where they must form the pair of zaga barboza linked
delaroli
report losing the irreverence of firefighters
to November 13
the next presentation
hence the team overcame the leader of Brazil thrashes the ace
the talk of liquid love
to review
in opera and ii encouraged him in this regard of the law and thence for the gold glue of the
team
we were all half
the balance
with the North American team
Uruguayan not a one-way Venezuelan 3 the scandals in the coop in
canada club billion
david beckham
Robinho's
6/6 draw, but not
but let's see
the Mexico
venice reuters
The turkey
it is interesting also should not be observed the American team
has arrived
There must have been courage to stir the English team.
his lawyer
the Pan-American and the German duo of the German team
Julia Schmidt
I call mutants
he that I hope to in order to rush this American team boeing
It's one of these I left too.
so much is she
ana júlia explaining that Iran celebrates all its splendor and won the race
79 years ago 90 years
Felipe would be with Brazil.
is number 3 so it's worth its fans
who is in the presidency of the senate
without justification
already in the corner
to overcome elizabete soliman
world coach
barbosa that will deliver the caught
to deliver everyday
the front delivery practically ahead of Brazil and the United States and
Look what they are three hundredths of difference
see the Brazilian team
and the US team
and that exit who spent a little bit
Canadian taking the third
she was a little Venezuelan athlete
the flavia
paulistana tihuana given practically together turned practically together
along with the North American team
It's clear if the law
each hair fan
has a slight advantage to flávia delaroli I lost some of the
is the second narrator has taken up a little bit the advantage has fallen and civil already
flavia delaroli came and now molik who had done in the pool the area
all eight flavia delaroli
in the afternoon the player to 56 have until the end of the year came to 55 and 80
now monica in fair that can not leave for this and we will see what
happens
leave that advantage until after good beans comes together she can not let
I opened a body and then the situation is difficult to see them
in favor of the team
Zurich appears a bit
the United States
to make matters worse
the monkey perri
and then begins to bother the kv racing team now
in ankara give brazil will see
Gusmão cardigan begins to bother
the american
Are you going to go to Brazil?
Will Brazil turn to the top of the United States?
6 and 25
there are exactly six and 23
while at the counter
henrique martins moonlight
cardigan gusmão can paint the gold medal
It's worth pointing out posing
she has the advantage to close with the gold medal gold for the
States
who tasted